What's the use of committing suicide here?
No home, why are you here?
I am willing to grow up, except for such a big thing,
How can I come here?
I came here from Mingmen, why did I leave you?
A few of us don't need this.
Still thinking, is it you?
What else? What else?
What else? What else? What else? What else? What else? What else?
What else? What else? What else? What else? What else? What else? What else?
What? What else? What else? What else? What else? What else? What else? What else? What else?
What else? What else? What else? What else?
What else? What else? What else?
How many times have I told you
Words in the brigade
Never take it seriously
Once started practicing Dafa, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill.
Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill!
Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill.